src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome to Starlight
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Congrats on setting up a new Starlight project!
  image:
    file: ../../assets/houston.webp
  actions:
    - text: Example Guide
      link: /guides/example/
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Read the Starlight docs
      link: https://starlight.astro.build
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Next steps

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Update content" icon="pencil">
		Edit `src/content/docs/index.mdx` to see this page change.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Add new content" icon="add-document">
		Add Markdown or MDX files to `src/content/docs` to create new pages.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Configure your site" icon="setting">
		Edit your `sidebar` and other config in `astro.config.mjs`.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Read the docs" icon="open-book">
		Learn more in [the Starlight Docs](https://starlight.astro.build/).
	</Card>
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

feat: enhance documentation structure and add user guides for ContextOps.AI

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome to ContextOps.AI
description: Get started with ContextOps.AI and explore its powerful features.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: ContextOps.AI is a managed, enterprise-ready deployment built on top of Open WebUI, the leading open-source interface for working with large language models (LLMs).
  image:
    file: ../../assets/houston.webp
  actions:
    - text: User Guides
      link: /guides/example/
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Request a Demo
      link: https://www.contextops.ai
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---
import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## About ContextOps.AI
ContextOps.AI is a managed, enterprise-ready deployment of Open WebUI, the leading open-source interface for large language models (LLMs). Building on Open WebUI's foundation, ContextOps.AI offers:

- **Enterprise-Grade Infrastructure** — Managed, secure, and scalable on AWS Cloud.
- **Turnkey RAG Support** — Connect private documents, databases, or APIs for custom knowledge retrieval.
- **User-Centric Design** — Tailored for professionals and power users, offering simplicity and advanced capabilities.
- **No DevOps Needed** — No need for hosting, model configs, or vector DBs.
- **Role-Based Access and Monitoring** — Tools for governance, access control, and performance tracking.

Whether you're exploring LLMs for the first time, or you’ve tried hosting Open WebUI and hit scaling issues — ContextOps.AI is your hassle-free path to operationalizing AI across your team or organization.

_Disclaimer: ContextOps.AI is an independent platform based on the open-source Open WebUI project. We are not affiliated with or endorsed by the original Open WebUI maintainers._



---

© 2025 ContextOps.AI. All rights reserved.

- [Privacy Policy](#)
- [Terms of Service](#)
- [Contact Us](#)

Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ContextOpsAI) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/contextopsai) for updates.
